,quote
0,The Biden administration on Monday 
1," a new $3.16 billion investment in American production of electric car batteries, part of the president’s broader plan to expand the manufacturing of electric vehicles and charging networks and reduce U.S. reliance on oil."
2,"The money will come from the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law signed in late 2021, which included $7 billion to strengthen the U.S. battery supply chain and $7.5 billion to build out the EV charging network across the United States."
3,"“The future is electric,” said infrastructure law coordinator Mitch Landrieu. “This is both going to help us fight against climate change, [and] it's also going to make us more secure and energy independent.”"
4,President Joe Biden has set a goal to have electric vehicles be 50% of car sales by 2030.
5,"The $3.16 billion announced Monday is set aside for grants to domestic companies who work on battery manufacturing, processing and recycling. "
6,It comes as the price of gas has remained high and energy prices have surged due to the Russian invasion into Ukraine and resulting sanctions on Russian oil.
7,"The Department of Energy officially unveiled the funding Monday, which they described as part of a ""whole-of-government supply chain strategy to strengthen America’s energy independence to reduce our reliance on competing nations."""
8,An energy official on Monday estimated the new funding will be broken up into about 30 grants.
9,"“This is an effort to try to help seed dozens of companies across the United States to build capacity in a way that we have not done in decades,” said Brian Deese, director of the National Economic Council, on a call with reporters Monday."
10,"One key element of battery manufacturing is the domestic sourcing of critical materials such as lithium, cobalt, nickel and graphite, officials said, an industry currently dominated by China."
11,The president signed 
12," in February to boost U.S. mining of critical materials. And as part of its supplemental funding request for the war in Ukraine, the White House "
13,last week to fund a similar effort that would use Defense Production Act authority.
14,"Biden had traveled to North Carolina last month to call for Congress to boost domestic manufacturing, highlighting an announcement from Toyota that it will build an electric battery plant in Greensboro. It will create an estimated 1,750 jobs."
15,"“A major fundamental shift is taking place,” Biden said at North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. “And America is finally deciding to catch up and lead it instead of being outpaced by China and other countries.”"
0,"President Biden, American families, automakers, and autoworkers agree: the future of transportation is electric."
1,"The President’s economic plan has generated an American, electric vehicle (EV) manufacturing boom that is creating new economic opportunity and tens of thousands of good-paying and union jobs across the country. Companies like Toyota, Honda, Ford Motor Company, General Motors, and Panasonic have announced investments in manufacturing in North Carolina, Michigan, Ohio, Missouri, Kansas, and elsewhere."
2,"Since his first day in office, President Biden’s auto vision and leadership has positioned the United States to lead the EV future – to create jobs, make more in America, and fight climate change while advancing environmental justice. The President united automakers and autoworkers around the bold goal for electric vehicles to make up 50% of all vehicles sold in the United States by 2030. His economic agenda, including robust new “Made in America” policies, has spurred domestic manufacturing of EVs, EV chargers, and batteries. And, thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act, President Biden is making new and used EVs affordable for consumers and providing the auto industry market certainty."
3,This manufacturing and jobs growth is being spurred by the President’s aggressive action to advance our EV future:  
4,"Since President Biden took office, companies have announced investments of more than $36 billion in electric vehicle manufacturing and $48 billion in batteries right here in the United States."
5,Some new and recent example investments in the EV supply chain include:
6,"President Biden’s economic plan and leadership are also driving automakers to create more models of electric vehicle than ever before for drivers to choose from – including trucks, SUVs, trucks, and more. In 2021, all major automakers announced their shared aspiration to achieve sales of 40-50% of annual U.S. volumes of electric vehicles (battery electric, fuel cell and plug-in hybrid vehicles) by 2030 in order to move the nation closer to a zero-emissions future consistent with Paris climate goals."
7,"At the Detroit Auto Show, the evidence of this shift is easy to see. For example, Stellantis will showcase two new hybrid electric Jeeps and demonstrate the performance of electric in off-road applications. General Motors will show their entire EV portfolio and feature the new electric Equinox. Dozens of other automakers will show off their latest offerings, both in new models and versions of iconic brands."
8,"Overall, the number of available plug-in models has grown to more than 70, with more new models coming up, including affordable options."
9,"When Congress passed President Biden’s Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, the United States not only made a once-in-a-generation investment in our nation’s infrastructure – but it created a historic opportunity to increase domestic manufacturing in communities across the country."
10,"By requiring the use of Made in America content, the Build America, Buy America provisions in the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law will help stimulate private sector investments in domestic manufacturing, bolster critical supply chains, and support the creation of good-paying union jobs so that America’s workers and firms can compete and lead globally for years to come."
11,"The Biden Administration is taking decisive action to ensure that federal investments go to infrastructure built in the United States. For example, the Department of Transportation issued a proposal in August that would, if finalized, require federally-funded EV chargers to be built in the United States starting in January 2023 and have more than 55% domestic content by January 2024. Unlike in the past, Build America, Buy America waivers will not foreclose American manufacturing, but send clear market signals, creating an incentive for firms to invest in America and create good jobs in our communities."
12,"In addition, the proposed EV charging standards include strong workforce standards such as the Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program (EVITP) to increase the safety and reliability of charging station’s functionality and usability – creating and supporting good-paying, highly-skilled union jobs across the country.  IBEW, through the White House Talent Pipeline Challenge, has launched a challenge to certify 10,000 IBEW electricians through the program."
13,"The Federal fleet is now poised to lead by example. In 2020, less than 1% of new federal acquisitions were electric. In President Biden’s first year, EV acquisitions more than doubled. So far, this fiscal year, agencies have acquired five times as many EVs as all of last fiscal year and are on track for the goal for 100% of new light-duty federal vehicles to be zero emission by 2027."
14,###
0,"Since President Biden took office, companies have invested nearly $85 billion in manufacturing of electric vehicles, batteries, and EV chargers in the United States."
1,"The pace of this investment is accelerating – just in 2022, companies have announced $13 billion in domestic EV manufacturing – more than triple the investment in 2020. Companies have also announced $24 billion in batteries – more than 28 times the investment in 2020 – and over $700 million to support EV charging."
2,The number of electric vehicles sold in the U.S. has tripled since the President took office.
3,The 
4," invests $7.5 billion to build a national network of 500,000 EV chargers so that charging EVs is predictable, reliable and accessible; more than $7 billion to ensure domestic manufacturers have the critical minerals and other components necessary to make batteries; and over $10 billion for clean transit and school buses."
5,The 
6," provides incentives for buyers of new and used EVs, credits to help manufacturers retool existing facilities and build new manufacturing in the United States, and grants to deploy zero emission heavy-duty vehicles."
7,The 
8, will make critical investments in building domestic capacity for the semiconductors necessary for electric vehicles.
9,"Toyota announced an additional $2.5 billion investment in a Greensboro, North Carolina manufacturing facility."
10,Honda and LG Energy Solution announced a $4.4 billion joint venture in a to-be-announced location in the U.S.
11,"Ford Motor Company announced it will invest $3.7 billion in assembly plants in Michigan, Ohio and Missouri and create 6200 jobs."
12,"Panasonic announced a $4 billion plant in De Soto, Kansas that will create 4,000 jobs.  Panasonic is also reportedly evaluating a similar investment in an additional new battery factory."
13,"Vinfast announced a more than $5 billion investment in building electric vehicles and batteries in North Carolina that will create 13,000 jobs."
14,"Hyundai announced a $5.5 billion investment to build electric vehicles and batteries near Savannah, Georgia"
15,"Through DOE’s Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing program, the Department of Energy announced a $2.5 billion loan in July 2022 to General Motors for battery manufacturing facilities in Ohio, Tennessee, and Michigan."
16,"Samsung SDI America is investing $3.1 billion in Kokomo, Indiana to build batteries in a joint venture with Stellantis."
17,"Piedmont Lithium announced a $582 million investment to establish a lithium hydroxide processing, refining, and manufacturing facility in Southeast Tennessee."
18,"Cirba Solutions, a battery recycling company, is announcing a new $200 million expansion of a lithium-ion battery recycling facility in Lancaster, Ohio and a goal to expand battery recycling by over 600%"
19,ABB is 
20," a new EV charging manufacturing facility in Columbia, South Carolina capable of producing up to 10,000 chargers per year."
21,"Lincoln Electric, a longstanding domestic manufacturer of electric equipment, announced a new line of DC fast chargers in Cleveland, Ohio on August 29"
22,.
23,", in a partnership with Delta Electronics and EVgo will invest $750 million in EV charging infrastructure, including at Pilot and Flying J truck stops and gas stations."
24,These investments are in addition to more than $700 
25,", including new manufacturing facilities by ChargePoint, Flo, Siemens, Tesla, and Tritium."
0,"In his State of the Union Address on Tuesday, President Joe Biden promoted electric vehicles (EVs), trumpeting his plans to establish “a national network of 500,000 electric vehicle charging stations.” In so doing, Biden is unwittingly supporting the worst humanitarian abuses in the world. This is because of the way in which the materials used in manufacturing the batteries that power today’s EVs are obtained."
1,"To obtain a reasonable amount of power per pound of battery weight, EV manufacturers generally use various forms of lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries, so named because the battery’s positive electrode, called the cathode, is largely made up of the highly reactive metal lithium (Li). To keep the cathode stable when a battery is not in use, the lithium is combined in a metal oxide matrix, with different manufacturers using different combinations of metals."
2,Most EV manufacturers 
3,combine
4," lithium with nickel, cobalt and manganese to create a Li-Ni-Mn-Co oxide matrix to form the cathode. Tesla substitutes aluminum (Al) for the manganese, yielding a Li-Ni-Co-Al oxide matrix for the cathode on their batteries. Tesla maintains that their formulae is more cost-effective as less cobalt is required."
5,"In all cases, the negative electrode, called the anode, in an EV battery is composed mostly of graphite."
6,"To support the huge EV expansion being promoted by Biden, we will need immense quantities of the materials needed to manufacture EV batteries, for example, lithium, cobalt, graphite, nickel, manganese and aluminum. Let’s consider the sources of just three of these substances—lithium, cobalt and graphite—to see where the human rights issues arise."
7,"In a normal 1,000-pound Li-ion EV battery, there is about 25 pounds of lithium. Since lithium brines typically contain less than 0.1% lithium, about 25,000 pounds of brines are needed to get the 25 pounds of pure lithium. This is mainly extracted from Tibet and the highlands of Argentina-Bolivia-Chile (according to the U.S. Geological Survey, 58% of the world’s lithium reserves are found in Chile) known as the “lithium triangle.” Lithium production in Tibet results in dead, toxic fish, and carcasses of cows and yaks floating down the Liqi River. The Ganzizhou Rongda Li mine in Tibet has thoroughly poisoned this river."
8,"Similarly, native peoples in the lithium triangle face contaminated streams needed for human consumption, livestock watering, irrigation systems with mountains left desolate over discarded salt from the lithium brining process. A report titled, “"
9,COMMODITIES AT A GLANCE Special issue on strategic battery raw materials
10,” issued in 2020 by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development explained: 
11,"“Indigenous communities that have lived in the Andean region of Chile, Bolivia and Argentina for centuries must contend with miners for access to communal land and water. The mining industry depends on a large amount of groundwater in one of the driest desert regions in the world to pump out brines from drilled wells. Some estimates show that approximately 1.9 million litres of water is needed to produce a tonne of lithium. In Chile’s Salar de Atacama, lithium and other mining activities consumed 65 per cent of the region’s water. That is having a big impact on local farmers – who grow quinoa and herd llamas – in an area where some communities already must get water driven in from elsewhere.”"
12,"A 1,000-pound Li-ion EV battery typically also contains about 30 pounds of cobalt. Cobalt ore grades average about 0.1%, so we need to process almost 30,000 pounds of ore to get 30 pounds of cobalt. With 50% of the world’s cobalt reserves, the Democratic Republic of Congo contributes almost two-thirds of global cobalt production. This is causing immense humanitarian abuses. Congo has at least 40,000 children—some as young as 4-years old—working with their parents for less than $2 a day. They are exposed to multiple psychological violations and abuse as well as significant physical risks. Engineer and energy consultant Ronald Stein and Todd Royal, an independent public policy consultant focusing on the geopolitical implications of energy, go into more details in their book "
13,Clean Energy Exploitations
14, – Helping citizens understand the environmental and humanity abuses that support ‘clean’ energy
15,”:
16,"“Cave-in’s, constant exposure to toxic, radioactive water, dust, and dangerous air loaded with cobalt, lead, and uranium with other heavy metals breathed into lungs day-after-day so western citizens can feel good about their Tesla or wind turbine. Cobalt ore is sent to China since one of the larger mines in the Congo is Chinese-owned Congo Dongfang International Mining Company.”"
17,"A 1,000-pound EV battery also has 110 pounds of graphite. At 10% concentration, 1,100 pounds of ore must be processed for each battery. China is now producing about 70% of the global supply of natural graphite. Villagers living near graphite companies in provinces in Northeast China "
18,complain
19," of “sparkling night air,” crop damage, homes and belongings covered in soot and polluted drinking water."
20,"In his State of the Union address, Biden spoke of promoting “environmental justice” and “expanding fairness.” The president said, “I will be honest with you, as I’ve always promised.”"
21,Biden must now be honest about electric vehicles. They grossly violate basic environmental justice principles and are anything but fair to the poor of the world who suffer and die so that wealthy western elites can virtue signal with their electric vehicles.
0,"The U.S. Departments of Transportation and Energy today announced nearly $5 billion that will be made available under the new National Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (NEVI) Formula Program established by President Biden’s Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, to build out a national electric vehicle charging network, an important step towards making electric vehicle (EV) charging accessible to all Americans."
1,"The program will provide nearly $5 billion over five years to help states create a network of EV charging stations along designated Alternative Fuel Corridors, particularly along the Interstate Highway System. The total amount available to states in Fiscal Year 2022 under the NEVI Formula Program is $615 million. States must submit an EV Infrastructure Deployment Plan before they can access these funds. A second, competitive grant program designed to further increase EV charging access in locations throughout the country, including in rural and underserved communities, will be announced later this year."
2,"“We are modernizing America’s national highway system for drivers in cities large and small, towns and rural communities, to take advantage of the benefits of driving electric,” said "
3,". “The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law is helping states to make electric vehicle charging more accessible by building the necessary infrastructure for drivers across America to save money and go the distance, from coast-to-coast.”"
4,"“A century ago, America ushered in the modern automotive era; now America must lead the electric vehicle revolution,” said "
5,". “The President’s Bipartisan Infrastructure Law will help us win the EV race by working with states, labor, and the private sector to deploy a historic nationwide charging network that will make EV charging accessible for more Americans.”"
6,"Today’s news follows President Biden’s announcement earlier this week on EV manufacturing, and the "
7, on actions taken to date to prepare for this historic EV investment.
8,"To access these new Bipartisan Infrastructure Law funds – and to help ensure a convenient, reliable, affordable, and equitable charging experience for all users – each state is required to submit an EV Infrastructure Deployment Plan to the new Joint Office of Energy and Transportation that describes how the state intends to use its share of NEVI Formula Program funds consistent with Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) guidance."
9,These plans are expected to build on 
10," that nearly every state has designated over the past six years of this program. These corridors will be the spine of the new national EV charging network. The Joint Office will play a key role in the implementation of the NEVI Formula Program by providing direct technical assistance and support to help states develop their plans before they are reviewed and approved by the Federal Highway Administration, which administers the funding."
11,"“Americans need to know that they can purchase an electric vehicle and find convenient charging stations when they are using Interstates and other major highways,” Deputy Federal Highway Administrator Stephanie Pollack said. “The new EV formula program will provide states with the resources they need to provide their residents with reliable access to an EV charging station as they travel.”"
12,The new Joint Office of Energy and Transportation also launched a new website this week at 
13,". There, officials can find links to technical assistance, data and tools for states, and careers. To join the Joint Office and support a future where everyone can ride and drive electric, individuals are encouraged to "
14, to be an EV charging fellow.
15,"As part of today’s announcement, FHWA released the NEVI Formula Program funding to states that will be available following approval of state plans for "
16, in addition to the 
17, and a 
18, for states to expand their existing Alternative Fuel Corridors. Here is 
19,.
20,###
0,"The Biden administration today released a road map for building out a national network of 500,000 electric vehicle charging stations as part of its plan to combat climate change. "
1,"The $1.2 trillion infrastructure package President Biden signed into law last month authorized the charging network, allocating $5 billion for state Transportation Departments to support the expansion. An additional $2.5 billion is also available in grant opportunities to help connect rural and marginalized communities to electric vehicles. "
2,"“The science is clear. Climate change has become a climate crisis, and it demands urgent action,” Vice President Kamala Harris said at an event today in Brandywine, Md., announcing the blueprint. "
3,"“And one important way we achieve net-zero emissions is by investing in zero-emission vehicles,” she said. "
4,The administration’s EV-charging 
5, establishes a joint electric vehicle office between the Transportation and Energy departments charged with overseeing the effort. 
6,Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm and Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg are expected to sign tomorrow an agreement authorizing their offices to leverage resources to expand EV infrastructure across the country. 
7,"The White House is also working to issue guidance to states and consult with manufacturers, local governments, environmental justice groups and tribes, among other stakeholders. "
8,"Accelerating the adoption of electric vehicles will aid the administration in reaching its goal of net-zero emissions economywide by midcentury while creating thousands of living-wage jobs, the White House said. "
9,"Biden set a goal this summer that half of all new car and truck sales be electric by 2030. Most major automakers have signaled their support for the effort, pouring billions of dollars into developing new electric models. "
10,"“The auto industry is clearly moving toward electric. We need to make the shift faster and make sure it is driven by the United States,” Harris said at the maintenance facility in Brandywine. "
11,"“That means manufacturing millions of electric cars, trucks and buses right here in our country,"" she said. ""And it means installing a national network of EV chargers.” "
12,"Harris said the bipartisan infrastructure package, which also allocates funding to build out the North American EV battery supply chain, is a good first step. But she renewed her call for Senate Democrats to advance Biden’s $1.7 trillion climate and social spending bill, which the House advanced last month. "
13,"The ""Build Back Better Act"" offers up to $12,500 in incentives for electric vehicles made in the United States by unionized workforces. "
14,"“We want more families in America to be able to afford an electric car that is made in America,” she said. “The future of transportation is electric. But that future is not inevitable. It must be built.” "
15,"To that end, the administration last week announced a plan to electrify the federal government’s fleet of 600,000 vehicles ("
16,", Dec. 9). "
6,The Biden administration on Monday 
7," a new $3.16 billion investment in American production of electric car batteries, part of the president’s broader plan to expand the manufacturing of electric vehicles and charging networks and reduce U.S. reliance on oil."
8,"The money will come from the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law signed in late 2021, which included $7 billion to strengthen the U.S. battery supply chain and $7.5 billion to build out the EV charging network across the United States."
9,"“The future is electric,” said infrastructure law coordinator Mitch Landrieu. “This is both going to help us fight against climate change, [and] it's also going to make us more secure and energy independent.”"
10,President Joe Biden has set a goal to have electric vehicles be 50% of car sales by 2030.
11,"The $3.16 billion announced Monday is set aside for grants to domestic companies who work on battery manufacturing, processing and recycling. "
12,It comes as the price of gas has remained high and energy prices have surged due to the Russian invasion into Ukraine and resulting sanctions on Russian oil.
13,"The Department of Energy officially unveiled the funding Monday, which they described as part of a ""whole-of-government supply chain strategy to strengthen America’s energy independence to reduce our reliance on competing nations."""
14,An energy official on Monday estimated the new funding will be broken up into about 30 grants.
15,"“This is an effort to try to help seed dozens of companies across the United States to build capacity in a way that we have not done in decades,” said Brian Deese, director of the National Economic Council, on a call with reporters Monday."
16,"One key element of battery manufacturing is the domestic sourcing of critical materials such as lithium, cobalt, nickel and graphite, officials said, an industry currently dominated by China."
17,The president signed 
18," in February to boost U.S. mining of critical materials. And as part of its supplemental funding request for the war in Ukraine, the White House "
19,last week to fund a similar effort that would use Defense Production Act authority.
20,"Biden had traveled to North Carolina last month to call for Congress to boost domestic manufacturing, highlighting an announcement from Toyota that it will build an electric battery plant in Greensboro. It will create an estimated 1,750 jobs."
21,"“A major fundamental shift is taking place,” Biden said at North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. “And America is finally deciding to catch up and lead it instead of being outpaced by China and other countries.”"
0,"President Joe Biden was at the Detroit Auto Show on Wednesday to announce the NEVI funding approvals and test drive new vehicles. He vowed ""the great American road trip "
1,"The president has set a goal for half of new U.S. car sales to be electric by 2030. Experts say achieving that level of EV adoption will require expanding domestic battery production capacity, in part due to purchasing requirements tied to federal incentives."
2,"The Federal Highway Administration has said it is working to develop rules for how formula NEVI funds can be spent, and indicated it "
3,"” The rules would set standards for the national charging network, and the agency said it is considering a waiver from domestic purchase requirements “that will allow a short ramp up period for the domestic manufacturing of EV charging.”"
4,"Global battery production is now dominated by China, but U.S. automakers are working quickly to onshore that industry. EV purchase incentives also hinge on components manufactured in the U.S."
5,"Ford is building three new battery plants in the U.S. with a total capacity of 129 GWh, and production is expected to start by 2025."
6,"“Our next generation of EVs are coming, leveraging advances in cell chemistry, battery pack design and battery management software,” Charles Poon, Ford’s global director of electrified systems engineering, said Wednesday at the Novi Battery Show, outside of Detroit."
7,"The conference is hosted by Informa, which recently purchased Industry Dive."
8,"Poon said Ford plans to deliver 2 million EVs by 2026, but added that its strategy depends the development of sustainable supply chains, including recycling battery materials."
9,"Nickel and lithium costs “may increase by another eight- and 11-fold by the end of the decade,” he said. “We estimate by 2035, as much as 30% of battery materials can be met by recycling, and we're working hard to make sure the ecosystem will be ready.”"
10,Ford on Wednesday also instituted 
11,", including making investments in EV charging. "
12,GM is targeting annual 
13, and is developing four of its own battery plants.
14,"The company is overhauling its manufacturing process to embrace an electric future, and in tandem is focused on developing new battery chemistries. Through a joint venture with LG Chem, the auto manufacturer says it will "
15,"“With the new technology that we have, we honestly don't know the bottom there,” said Tim Grewe, GM’s general director of electrification strategy and cell engineering. "
16," is also building battery plants, "
17, and Tesla has 
18, in Nevada and New York.    
19,"The partnerships are about more than just securing battery cells, however, said Robert Galyen, formerly the chief technology officer at CATL, the world’s largest battery manufacturer. "
20,"“Joint ventures are a big deal right now. It's another way of shielding the car manufacturers and the [original equipment manufacturers] from the legal system,” Galyen said during his Tuesday keynote address at the Novi battery conference."
21,"“We see lots of battery companies and a lot of car companies partnering with each other. ... Because if a joint venture makes the battery, it's their sole responsibility to make sure that battery system is safe,” Galyen said. “And then the court system will not go after the OEM. So it's a great way of protecting the OEMs.”"
22,"The same approach “cascades not only from the OEMs and the car battery manufacturers, but it goes right down to the supply chain,” Galyen said. “Many of the supply chain guys are getting partnerships established with the battery manufacturers in a way that they can do more cost-effective business.”"
23,Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
24,"Topics covered: smart grid tech, clean energy, regulation, generation, and much more."
25,"There are only a few storage resources currently registered on the Midcontinent system operator’s grid, but thousands of megawatts are in varying stages of development."
26,"Utilities and grid operators are facing increasing threats from climate change as well as cyber and physical attacks, and are deploying a variety of responses to meet the rising challenges."
27,"Subscribe to Utility Dive for top news, trends & analysis"
28,"Topics covered: smart grid tech, clean energy, regulation, generation, and much more."
29,Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
30,"Topics covered: smart grid tech, clean energy, regulation, generation, and much more."
31,"There are only a few storage resources currently registered on the Midcontinent system operator’s grid, but thousands of megawatts are in varying stages of development."
32,"Utilities and grid operators are facing increasing threats from climate change as well as cyber and physical attacks, and are deploying a variety of responses to meet the rising challenges."
33,The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines
34,"Topics covered: smart grid tech, clean energy, regulation, generation, and much more."
0,"President Joe Biden announced Wednesday the release of the first round of funding for a nationwide electric vehicle charging network, financing the construction of stations in 35 states."
1,"""I'm pleased to announce that we're approving funding for the first 35 states, including Michigan, to build their own charging infrastructure throughout their state,"" Biden said at the Detroit Auto Show, standing in front of a spate of electric vehicles."
2,Biden has been a big proponent of EVs
3, signing into law incentives to encourage consumers to buy them and companies to build them. The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law included $7.5 billion for a national EV charging network while the Inflation Reduction Act and the CHIPS and Science Act both included provisions fostering development of the industry in the United States.
4,"""You all are going to be part of a network of 500,000 charging stations — 500,000 — across the country, installed by the IBEW,"" Biden said"
5,referring to the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers labor union.
6,Biden noted that his administration has put $135 billion toward electric vehicle development and creation.
7,"""It used to be that to buy an electric car you had to make all sorts of compromises, not today,"" Biden said. ""Look, the great American road trip is going to be fully electrified, whether you're driving coast to coast along I-10 or on I-75 here in Michigan, charging stations will be up and easy to find as easy as they are now."""
8,"The lack of ubiquitous chargers remains one of the largest barriers for electric vehicles nationwide. Tax credits included in the Inflation Reduction Act are meant to give Americans incentives to purchase electric vehicles, including to buy used electric vehicles for the first time."
9,Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you.
10,Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox
11,"Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services. "
